{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14720\viewh12820\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 I was told lies in a red brick schoolhouse from the ironically simple merit of telling the truth, to the diabolically fantastic Glomar Explorer.  Imagine, a bunch of grown men, serious men, with brightly colored do-dads on their jackets: \'93what we\'92re going to do, see, is we\'92re going to raise this sunken soviet submarine, and we\'92re going to run a disinformation campaign, targeting our own schoolchildren to create a \'91cover story.\'92\'94  How many people had to agree this was a good idea in order to execute the plan?  While in middle school I returned to the schoolhouse with friends who hurled glass jars filled with paint.\
\
I had already joined \'93the public,\'94 accomplishing my political ends only by my selection of others.  A thorough definition is part of \'93The Revolt of the Public\'85,\'94 by Martin Gurri.  Originally published in 2014, it was updated last year with a confirming final chapter.  Where the original is strictly analytical, the new chapter predicts, among other things, growing nihilism, whose predations already erupt fatally and frequently.  Gurri\'92s hypothesis, that the explosion of information is delegitimizing authority, continues to hold.  We\'92re not slowing our information production.  Gurri characterizes the public\'92s response to authority\'92s loss of control over information by negation.\
\
Nihilism is extreme negation.  It is dangerous and we, the public, will do better or we will suffer.  I hope to start a conversation about tools demonstrated here: primitives for systems of authenticated documentation, communication and transaction.  Means of trusting peers is written into code.  \'93Here\'94 is a space whose architecture may challenge the basis of the internet economy.  The first instance of a trust network keeps accounts of \'91play\'94 money.  Anyone can have a copy of the ledger.  There is no central authority., but users can trust that all the copies agree.   It appeared in 2008, just as the largest Ponzi scheme in history collapsed.  Government\'92s response was to buy assets nobody wanted from those culpable for  creating them, diluting dollars by 50% over 5 years to pay for it, then stand by while the culpable evicted millions.  Clearly we can do better.  I\'92d like to talk to people about these tools because they may help.\
\
\
Some negation yields positive results, such as early returns from Mexico\'92s anti-corruption obsessed AMLO.  Most negation doesn\'92t, like exchanging Al-Sisi for Mubarak.  If we\'92re going to revolt, we\'92d better know what we want.  We probably can\'92t go backwards.  Nevertheless, in the absence of a good forward looking story, the red brick schoolhouse story could be told credibly if told honestly and inclusive of all.  It can\'92t possibly hurt to understand the months of preparation preceding a guerrilla attack on the world\'92s superpower by a man who didn\'92t want the presidency.  Neither can the discomfort of discussing his slaveholding damage intellects grasping at these complexities.  Moving earth from the center of the universe has not diminished our concept of god.  Don\'92t forget, he used to live alone in a broom closet in Jerusalem.\
\
We can be proud, without diminishing others.  We can \
\
or shreds social fabric with repeated unrepentant and malicious lies like next door neighbor Trump, we can see it everywhere.  We\'92re mad as hell and we\'92re not going to take it anymore.  I was precocious in revolt,  I\'92m taking a really long time to grow up, and I\'92m trying.  I\'92m here to offer more than negation.  If we\'92re not getting honesty from authority, we can try to then we the public    There has to be a way to reconfigure the webs holding us together.  Some networks create trust with systems of rules and incentives to agree.  The first one appeared just as the US began a process of foreclosing on millions and millions of homes while diluting its money by 50% in order to buy something nobody wanted for its taxpayers from those culpable for creating the convulsion.  It keeps accounts.  Anyone can have a copy of the ledger.  Users can trust that all the copies agree.  There is no central authority.  I will explore ways to connect and build trust with each other here.  My big problem with the story in the red brick schoolhouse was how much I liked it.  The story ought to be even better if we tell it honestly, and include everyone.  We\'92re all on our hero\'92s journey, aren\'92t we?  What might happen if we try not to be villains?\
\
\
\
\
It\'92s continuing to blow out should not have done the things I did, but here we are.  We\'92ve lied to so much by people in authority that a continual liar seemed like the best choice for president of the US.\
\
Nobody knows how this turns out, but if we don\'92t do something constructive we cannot hope for much.  This is me trying.\
\
I was usually a good student.  I like to fit in.  When I\'92ve thought I was succeeding I felt happy.  My experiments with negation have been bitter and I don\'92t wish to repeat them.  What do you do when the lanes to sail in lack legitimacy?  Open water beckons.  These pages are dedicated to exploration of new space in computing, whose fundamental structure will change conversations about ownership, authenticity, and networking of all kinds, particularly human.  Ideas are demonstrated and rational discussed.\
\
This is not a project about technology, but rather about its affects.  In his 2018 edition of \'93The Revolt of the Public\'85,\'94 Martin Gurri links together \
\
Read on for descriptions of what I\'92m demonstrating here, and for what I\'92d like to accomplish.  There may  not be a visible connection between the two.  You, many of you, may be required to connect those endpoints.  The software here is connected by its usefulness in forming trust.  2008 \
\
\
I declare insufficient legitimacy \
\
\
Welcome aboard.  This ship sails to realize the story told to me in a red brick schoolhouse.  We were the heroes as history will bear out.  Maintaining our heroism is proving difficult.  I don\'92t know what to do about that, but nothing isn\'92t an option.\
\
When we were great, the top marginal tax rate was 90%.  Franklin Roosevelt, who presided over the end of the greet depression and the prosecution of what may be our last just war, wanted to cap income.  We built a network of highways.  We took a baby step off the planet in a years long public project.  Who wouldn\'92t want to return to greatness?  Most ethnic minorities, I would guess.  Perhaps the more visionary of today\'92s wealthy, as well as those aspirational professionals bleeding private school tuition for their kids\'92 chance to pass life comfortably hovering wealth upward.\
\
Nobody\'92s telling a good story today.\
\
\
\
Thank you for coming.  I\'92m Brian.  My goal here is to end apportionment of political representation on the basis of anything other than headcount.  Where is here?  Good question.  You\'92re probably reading a copy of this site from motia.com, but you can do all the same things, store keys, verify credentials, and see pages change dynamically reading the site from ipfs.io, or any other ipfs gateway server.  You think of reading your web pages from a location, but these pages can be served from any location running the Inter-Planetary File System, ipfs.\
\
My political apportionment goal may take a while, so I hope sooner than later, the tools If we\'92re going to use ipfs for useful things, we\'92d at least better be able to encrypt our stuff since anyone can see it, from data in storage to personal messages left for our friends.  (You can always run a private network if you have to hide things, but that\'92s not the ethos here.)  This site\'92s <em>demo</em> uses Stellar blockchain account keys like those used in crypto wallets to do its document encryption and signing.  Stellar accounts are also used for information storage, information pointer storage, and dynamic variable storage.\
\
Mashing the blockchain into document storage extends coverage of trust.  Specific ways that is done and also ways that is not done are mentioned later.  What is covered by blockchain trust, or consensus, will change, and the method of arriving at consensus will change.  The important concept is how consensus systems can be used and expanded to cover more than keeping track of crypto accounts.  Abstracted trust appeared coincident with the banking crisis in 2008.  Millions upon millions had their homes foreclosed while the US diluted its money by 50% over five years, using the new cash to buy toxic assets for taxpayers from culpable bankers.  The need for new trust systems is obvious.\
\
\
\
\
Hi, I'm Brian. I\'92m a member of the public defined by Martin Gurri in \'93The Revolt of The Public and the Crisis of Authority in the New Millennium,\'94 2018. You probably are too. I was a reader early on, and that was about all it took. A great story I was told in a red brick school house was bullshit. Leaders lied. Then it got worse. Childhood fear of annihilation crumbled into kleptocracy. Could a 28 year old single congressman being paid more than 3 2/3 times her district's average household income renounce her congressional health plan until all 325 million of us receive it? If not you, then who, aoc? 535 of us clearly feel entitled to much of which few of their constituents can attain. We selected an obvious liar as the face of our nation. What is the sound of a national admission of powerlessness to govern?\
\
But who needs kleptocrats? Google owns our search history and splits our communication with Facebook. Amazon owns our shopping habits. Entertainment choices and movements are recorded by a handful of others. Threat from artificial intelligence? How closely held are the datasets capable to train deep learning systems? Who needs kleptocrats when we give ourselves away like manhattan for a bag of beads, free email and social aprobation?\
\
While our financial and government leaders who lead us were leading us through 2008, foreclosing on the homes of millions while growing our money supply by 50% in five years to purchase wasting assets from the culpable, something new appeared. Toy money? Why not? Easier to understand than a credit default swap. It keeps accounts of itself. Anyone can have a copy. All of the copies agree. Trust exists without investing it in people. What if that trust can extend beyond peer to peer cash? What if that trust can be invested in any of the documents we share between us? I can do something constructive about accounting and documents. Sexy, huh? Read on.\
\
Gurri describes our revolt as a natural response to explosion of information. If he is right, then we should expect our revolt to continue inexorably. Gurri highlights dangers of nihilism, and we all see its predations. The story I was told in the red brick schoolhouse may have been bullshit, but it was a good story. For want of a better idea we could simply tell that story, tell it truthfully, and make sure it applies to everyone. I present some primitive tools that can be used to construct transparent document systems, communicate authentically, and exchage value, in a space where we each may remain natural sovereigns of all pertaining to ourselves. Any more may depend on you.}